readme.markdown, before:

#Pocket Suite by He Can Jog
##A collection of python scores for the Pocket Fields netlabel.
###Fall 2011 - Winter 2012 (CC) BY-NC-SA

This music is generated with a system I'm working on in the python
programming language called 'fabric'. Fabric is a work in progress, 
and this music was written during a pretty early stage of its life.

'Sending dreams to she downstream' takes its title from a poem by 
WC Tank. I was interested in messing around with rhythm and seeing 
what was possible with the synthesis routines I'm working on in fabric,
so this one has things in it that resemble rhythm from time to time.

'Goat formants' is for william the goat and is mostly manipulations of 
a recording of his goat voice.

To generate the music, first make sure you have the recording 
of william the goat making his goat sounds:

http://sounds.hecanjog.com/william.wav

Place that in the sounds/ directory.

Then open a terminal or command prompt, cd to this directory, and run:

    python goat_formants.py

... to generate 'goat formants' and...

    python sending_dreams_to_she_downstream.py

... to generate 'sending dreams to she downstream'.

Please feel free to tinker with the code and make variations. I'd 
love to hear them! erik@hecanjog.com

##What?

I'm sorry this isn't a very friendly process unless you're 
relatively comfortable at a terminal. I hope to improve that
in future fabric projects. For now, you can find more about 
running python from the command line on windows:

    http://docs.python.org/using/windows.html

... on a mac:

    http://docs.python.org/using/mac.html

... or on unix/linux:

    http://docs.python.org/using/unix.html

I promise that you can do it if you keep an open mind, 
and you may really enjoy it!

Commit message:

adding download link to readme

readme.markdown, after:

#Pocket Suite by He Can Jog
##A collection of python scores for the Pocket Fields netlabel.
###Fall 2011 - Winter 2012 (CC) BY-NC-SA

This music is generated with a system I'm working on in the python
programming language called 'fabric'. Fabric is a work in progress, 
and this music was written during a pretty early stage of its life.

'Sending dreams to she downstream' takes its title from a poem by 
WC Tank. I was interested in messing around with rhythm and seeing 
what was possible with the synthesis routines I'm working on in fabric,
so this one has things in it that resemble rhythm from time to time.

'Goat formants' is for william the goat and is mostly manipulations of 
a recording of his goat voice.

Download the source code here if you haven't already:
https://github.com/downloads/hecanjog/fabric/hecanjog-pocketsuite.zip

To generate the music, first make sure you have the recording 
of william the goat making his goat sounds:

http://sounds.hecanjog.com/william.wav

Place that in the sounds/ directory.

Then open a terminal or command prompt, cd to this directory, and run:

    python goat_formants.py

... to generate 'goat formants' and...

    python sending_dreams_to_she_downstream.py

... to generate 'sending dreams to she downstream'.

Please feel free to tinker with the code and make variations. I'd 
love to hear them! erik@hecanjog.com

##What?

I'm sorry this isn't a very friendly process unless you're 
relatively comfortable at a terminal. I hope to improve that
in future fabric projects. For now, you can find more about 
running python from the command line on windows:

    http://docs.python.org/using/windows.html

... on a mac:

    http://docs.python.org/using/mac.html

... or on unix/linux:

    http://docs.python.org/using/unix.html

I promise that you can do it if you keep an open mind, 
and you may really enjoy it!
